# Honours project - Requirements analysis

## Lecture 6 - 25/10/2018

> “A requirement is a statement about what the proposed project will do. The statement must be made true in order for the problem to be adequately solved”

### Compounding errors

errors cascade through the project
bad requirements will lead to bad design
bad design will lead to implementation mistakes

### Research and requirements

#### Literature review summary

> "The  review  should  conclude  with  a  summary  highlighting  the main  gaps  and opportunities  discovered and proposing  the future direction of the research/ implementation."  

literature review will identify the approaches to take in project. This might be techniques, software, design philosophies, particular media, experimental practices etc

These are what form your requirements

#### Example

Below is a very cut down extract from the summary of a literature review.  
* Analyse techniques of identifying whether embedded devices are actively being targeted as a possible attack vector for botnets.  
* Identify if embedded devices are vulnerable to attack by botnet networks.  
* Identify methods of botnet attack and how payloads spread through user devices in order to infect them into a botnet.  
* Demonstrate a real world attack against a target using one of the attack methods researched.

### Functional and non-functional requirements

#### Functional Requirements

Something the project is or is going to do or a service it is going to provide e.g 
* Will download data from an api 
* Will provide a realistic render of an object 
* Will animate a specific historical story 
* Will output accuracy and testing data for a particular algorithm

#### Non-functional requirements

not directly concerned with the specific functions delivered by the system and may include: 
* Software and hardware requirements - eg 3DS Max, Java, Javascript
* Performance requirements - response times ?
* Security requirements - GDPR regulations, anonymisation of data
* Timing or resource constraints - data set sizes
* Quality standards requirements - accessibility etc

#### SMART requirements

The principal advantage of SMART objectives is that they are easier to understand, to do, and then be reassured that they have been done.

##### Specific

Does this requirement relate to a specific aspect of your project.  
Don’t be vague ! 
e.g "the character will be cell shaded using the Boarderlands approach"  and not just "the character will be shaded"

##### Measurable

This is really important, when you test your implementation you need to make sure you have something to test. 
How do you know it has worked ? 
How will you test it ?

##### Attainable

Is a requirement even possible ? 
Your literature review should have given you an idea of what you can and can’t do based on what has been done before 
E.g "investigate (or test) Photogrammetry use for building modelling" rather than "Photogrammetry will be used for 3D modelling"

##### Realistic

Does a requirement move you towards one of your objectives?

##### Time-bound

This isn’t as important for your Honours projects but be sensible 
If a 3D model is going to take a week to render because a requirement states that it needs a 10 million vertices 
You probably want to rethink it Similarly processing time on large datasets

### Prioritising objectives

#### MOSCOW STATES 

**MUST** - without these features the project is not viable at all this is your minimal viable product.
**SHOULD** - to really solve the problem the project will have accomplished these
**COULD** - added bells and whistles
**WON’T** - nope (things the project won’t do) I would strongly suggest not to use WON’T in your honours project.

### Why get it right ?

If you have a good set of measurable requirements you can simply go through each requirement and test it
* Your testing may be surveys, focus groups, unit tests, code tests, render tests, it doesn’t matter
* The results of these tests will allow you to evaluate your original aims and objectives

### Most important line

> "Crucially the requirements would be of sufficient quality to pass to another party for project completion."

What this means is that "hypothetically" you should be able to pass your requirements / basic design brief to another person and that from this they should be able to do your project.
They may not do it in the same way as you planned and they may not have the same outcome, but they should have a clear set of requirements to work on.